Fix fault injection task (#4428)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/tasks/traffic-management/fault-injection/index.md

will uncover a bug that was intentionally introduced into the Bookinfo app.

Note that the `reviews:v2` service has a 10s hard-coded connection timeout for

> calls to the `ratings` service. Even with the 7s delay that you introduced, you

Reviewer: I don't think that's correct, there shouldn't be a space between the number and the unit.

    {{< /text >}}

1. View the web page response times:

    1. Open the *Developer Tools* menu in you web browser.
    1. Open the Network tab
    1. Reload the `/productpage` web page. You will see that the page actually loads in about 6 seconds.

## Understanding what happened

You've found a bug. There are hard-coded timeouts in the microservices that have
caused the `reviews` service to fail.

> The `reviews` service is unaffected by the 7s delay we introduced,

Author: ```suggestion
The `reviews` service is unaffected by the 7s delay you introduced,
```

> The `reviews` service is unaffected by the 7s delay you introduced,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 7 s delay you introduced doesn't affect the `reviews` service,
```

> because the timeout between the `reviews` and `ratings` service is hard-coded at 10s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
because the timeout between the `reviews` and `ratings` service is hard-coded at 10 s.
```

However, there is also a hard-coded timeout between the `productpage` and the `reviews` service,

> coded as 3s + 1 retry for 6s total.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
coded as 3 s + 1 retry for a 6 s total.
```

> As a result the `productpage` call to `reviews` times out prematurely and throws an error after 6s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a result, the `productpage` call to `reviews` times out prematurely and throws an error after 6 s.
```

You would normally fix the problem by:

1. Either increasing the `productpage` to `reviews` service timeout or decreasing the `reviews` to `ratings` timeout
1. Stopping and restarting the fixed microservice
1. Confirming that the `/productpage` web page returns its response without any errors.

However, you already have a fix running in v3 of the `reviews` service.
The `reviews:v3` service reduces the `reviews` to `ratings` timeout from 10s to 2.5s
so that it is compatible with (less than) the timeout of the downstream `productpage` requests.

If you migrate all traffic to `reviews:v3` as described in the
[traffic shifting](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/traffic-shifting/) task, you can then

> try to change the delay rule to any amount less that 2.5s (e.g., 2s) and confirm

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
try to change the delay rule to any amount less that 2.5 s, for example 2 s, and confirm
```

> that the end-to-end flow will continue without any errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that the end-to-end flow continues without any errors.
```
